Now let's recap demand management.
Demand management does not involve running operations,
projects, or initiatives, but it does involve selecting which operations,
projects, or initiatives to execute.
Demand management is selecting the right work to do.
Whether it is for operations, projects, or initiatives,
each will collect the demand, organize it,
track it, and prioritize it.
And the outcome is your organized demand,
also called your backlog, all the work you may or could do.
Let's recap the sources of demand for operation: verbal,
phone, email, form, and tickets.
Now let's recap the sources of demand for projects: Management directive,
project request system, tickets from operations,
and projects from initiatives.
Now let's recap the demand sources for initiatives: the board of directors,
steering groups, senior executives, business leaders, and the PMO, the Portfolio Management Office.